Fix a few typos (#10182)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/msbuild/msbuild-targets.md

These paths are not used directly by this .targets file but are available for pre and
post build steps.

> This is a generally overridden target, for example it is overriden in the Microsoft.NETFramework.targets file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a generally overridden target. For example, it's overridden in the Microsoft.NETFramework.targets file.
```
